README.md, before:

# Service Fabric SeaBreeze

SeaBreeze is fully managed serverless offering which enables developers to deploy containerized applications without managing any infrastructure, while still being able to use Service Fabric's runtime features and programming models. SeaBreeze is aiming to be the easiest way to run a containerized workload in the cloud, while ensuring production requirements like high availability and scalability. 

To learn more about the platform, see [Service Fabric SeaBreeze](./docs/conceptual-docs/seabreeze-overview.md). 

To get started with using the platform, see our [quickstart](./docs/conceptual-docs/container-group-set-quickstart.md).

To learn about the SeaBreeze resource management APIs, see [API reference docs](https://github.com/Azure/seabreeze-preview-pr/blob/master/docs/reference-docs/seabreeze-index.md).


We look forward to hearing your feedback about SeaBreeze. Please use this repo's *Issues* to inform us of any bugs you come across, or improvements you would like to request. 

# Contributing

This project has adopted the
[Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information, see the
[Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any
additional questions or comments.

Commit message:

Added the Preview EULA link

README.md, after:

# Service Fabric SeaBreeze

SeaBreeze is fully managed serverless offering which enables developers to deploy containerized applications without managing any infrastructure, while still being able to use Service Fabric's runtime features and programming models. SeaBreeze is aiming to be the easiest way to run a containerized workload in the cloud, while ensuring production requirements like high availability and scalability. 

To learn more about the platform, see [Service Fabric SeaBreeze](./docs/conceptual-docs/seabreeze-overview.md). 

To get started with using the platform, see our [quickstart](./docs/conceptual-docs/container-group-set-quickstart.md).

To learn about the SeaBreeze resource management APIs, see [API reference docs](https://github.com/Azure/seabreeze-preview-pr/blob/master/docs/reference-docs/seabreeze-index.md).


We look forward to hearing your feedback about SeaBreeze. Please use this repo's *Issues* to inform us of any bugs you come across, or improvements you would like to request. 

Here is the [Service Fabric SeaBreeze preview EULA](http://aka.ms/seabreezeprevieweula).

# Contributing

This project has adopted the
[Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information, see the
[Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any
additional questions or comments.
