docs/conceptual-docs/container-group-set-quickstart.md, before:

---
title: Container group set quick start guide
description: Quick start guide on deploying Container Group Set.
services: Azure SeaBreeze
author: chackdan;dkkapur
manager: timlt

ms.service: SeaBreeze
ms.topic: overview
ms.assetid:
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 01/24/2018
ms.author: chackdan
ms.editor: chackdan
---

# Container Group Sets

This doc will walk you through how to:
* deploy a CGS
* check its status
* check a CGS instance's logs

To read more about CGS and SeaBreeze, head over to the [SeaBreeze Overview](./seabreeze-overview.md)

## Set up the SeaBreeze CLI
In order to deploy and manage a containger group set, you will be using Azure CLI (minimum required version is 2.0.24). If you don't currently have Azure CLI set up or need to update it, see [Install Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest).

1. Open a [CLI prompt](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/overview?view=azure-cli-latest) or Bash shell using [Cloud Shell](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cloud-shell/overview).
2. Remove any previous install of the SeaBreeze CLI module.

	```cli
	az extension remove --name azure-cli-sbz 
	```

3. Install the SeaBreeze CLI module. For the preview, we are providing a .whl file with the CLI module, at public preview we would ship it as a part of the Azure CLI.

	```cli
	az extension add --source https://seabreezepreview.blob.core.windows.net/cli/azure_cli_sbz-0.2.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl
	```

## Create the CGS Resource

1. Login to Azure and set your subscription to the one that has been whitelisted for the preview.

	```cli
	az login
	az account set --subscription "<subscriptionName>"
	```
2. Create a resource group (RG) to deploy the CGS to. Alternatively, you can an existing RG and skip this step.

	```cli
	az group create --name <resourceGroupName> --location eastus 
	```

3. Create the CGS using the following command:

	```cli
	az sbz cgs create --location eastus --resource-group <resourceGroupName> --name <cgsName> --template-uri https://seabreezequickstart.blob.core.windows.net/quickstart/cgs-quickstart.json
	```

## Check CGS status
At this point, your CGS has been deployed. You can check to see its status by using the `cgs show` command. 

```cli
az sbz cgs show --resource-group <resourceGroupName> --name <cgsName>
```

## See CGS logs

For each CGS instance, you can check its status as well as the logs coming from the containers in the CGS. 

1. Check status for instance <X>
	
	```cli
	az sbz cgs instance --resource-group <resourceGroupName> --name <cgsName> --instance-name <instanceName>
	```

2. Check the logs for instance <X>

	```cli
	az sbz cgs logs --resource-group <resourceGroupName> --name <cgsName> --instance-name <instanceName>
	```

## Remove the CGS
To delete the CGS, use the `cgs delete` command. 

```cli
az sbz cgs delete --resource-group <resourceGroupName> --name <cgsName>
```


..

<!-- Images -->
[SeaBreeze-01]: ./media/overview/SeaBreeze.PNG
[Milestones]: ./media/overview/Milestones.PNG

Commit message:

Adding note not to change Resource Group

docs/conceptual-docs/container-group-set-quickstart.md, after:

---
title: Container group set quick start guide
description: Quick start guide on deploying Container Group Set.
services: Azure SeaBreeze
author: chackdan;dkkapur
manager: timlt

ms.service: SeaBreeze
ms.topic: overview
ms.assetid:
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 01/24/2018
ms.author: chackdan
ms.editor: chackdan
---

# Container Group Sets

This doc will walk you through how to:
* deploy a CGS
* check its status
* check a CGS instance's logs

To read more about CGS and SeaBreeze, head over to the [SeaBreeze Overview](./seabreeze-overview.md)

## Set up the SeaBreeze CLI
In order to deploy and manage a containger group set, you will be using Azure CLI (minimum required version is 2.0.24). If you don't currently have Azure CLI set up or need to update it, see [Install Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest).

1. Open a [CLI prompt](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/overview?view=azure-cli-latest) or Bash shell using [Cloud Shell](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cloud-shell/overview).
2. Remove any previous install of the SeaBreeze CLI module.

	```cli
	az extension remove --name azure-cli-sbz 
	```

3. Install the SeaBreeze CLI module. For the preview, we are providing a .whl file with the CLI module, at public preview we would ship it as a part of the Azure CLI.

	```cli
	az extension add --source https://seabreezepreview.blob.core.windows.net/cli/azure_cli_sbz-0.2.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl
	```

## Create the CGS Resource

1. Login to Azure and set your subscription to the one that has been whitelisted for the preview.

	```cli
	az login
	az account set --subscription "<subscriptionName>"
	```
2. Create a resource group (RG) to deploy the CGS to. Alternatively, you can use an existing RG and skip this step. Please note that currently CGS are only available in eastus.

	```cli
	az group create --name <resourceGroupName> --location eastus 
	```

3. Create the CGS using the following command:

	```cli
	az sbz cgs create --location eastus --resource-group <resourceGroupName> --name <cgsName> --template-uri https://seabreezequickstart.blob.core.windows.net/quickstart/cgs-quickstart.json
	```

## Check CGS status
At this point, your CGS has been deployed. You can check to see its status by using the `cgs show` command. 

```cli
az sbz cgs show --resource-group <resourceGroupName> --name <cgsName>
```

## See CGS logs

For each CGS instance, you can check its status as well as the logs coming from the containers in the CGS. 

1. Check status for instance <X>
	
	```cli
	az sbz cgs instance --resource-group <resourceGroupName> --name <cgsName> --instance-name <instanceName>
	```

2. Check the logs for instance <X>

	```cli
	az sbz cgs logs --resource-group <resourceGroupName> --name <cgsName> --instance-name <instanceName>
	```

## Remove the CGS
To delete the CGS, use the `cgs delete` command. 

```cli
az sbz cgs delete --resource-group <resourceGroupName> --name <cgsName>
```


..

<!-- Images -->
[SeaBreeze-01]: ./media/overview/SeaBreeze.PNG
[Milestones]: ./media/overview/Milestones.PNG
